Inserting, updating and deleting of an element aspect requires exclusive lock on the element that owns it (#6196)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

Table of contents:

- [Electron 27 support](#electron-27-support)

> - Inserting,updating & deleting aspect require exclusive lock on the element that owns the aspect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Element aspects require locking](#element-aspects-require-locking)
```

- [Display](#display)

## Electron 27 support

In addition to [already supported Electron versions](../learning/SupportedPlatforms.md#electron), iTwin.js now supports [Electron 27](https://www.electronjs.org/blog/electron-27-0).

> ## Element aspects require locking

Reviewer 2: this also has to be documented somewhere else more permanent.

> ## Inserting,updating & deleting aspect require exclusive lock on the element that owns the aspect

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Inserting, updating or deleting an aspect now requires the exclusive lock be held on its element.
```

> ## Inserting, updating or deleting an aspect now requires the exclusive lock be held on its element.
> 
> This is a new requirement to prevent conflicts that may result in corrupt changesets. Before changes may be made to an element's aspects, you must now acquire its exclusive lock (see `IModelDb.LockControl.acquireLocks`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Element aspects require locking

Inserting, updating or deleting an aspect now requires the exclusive lock be held on its element. This is a new requirement to prevent conflicts that may result in corrupt changesets. Before changes may be made to an element's aspects, you must now acquire its exclusive lock (see `IModelDb.LockControl.acquireLocks`).
```
